# 1
# 2
all PA
# 3
voters create_news
bots bot_create_news
voters integrate_news
bots bot_integrate_news
# 4
voters create_news
bots bot_create_news
voters integrate_news
bots bot_integrate_news
# 5
voters create_news
bots bot_create_news
voters integrate_news
bots bot_integrate_news
# 6
voters create_news
bots bot_create_news
voters integrate_news
bots bot_integrate_news
# 7
voters create_news
bots bot_create_news
voters integrate_news
bots bot_integrate_news
# 8
voters create_news
bots bot_create_news
voters integrate_news
bots bot_integrate_news
# 9
voters create_news
bots bot_create_news
voters integrate_news
bots bot_integrate_news
# 10
voters create_news
bots bot_create_news
voters integrate_news
bots bot_integrate_news
